Suggestions for the migration docs (#2718)
apollographql/apollo-ios: docs/shared/cli-install/spm-xcode.mdx

This plugin builds the CLI and creates a symbolic link to the executable in your project root.

> If you use Swift packages through Xcode, you can right-click on your project in the Xcode file explorer, revealing an **InstallCLI** plugin command. Selecting this command presents a dialog allowing you to grant the plugin "write" access to your project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Swift packages through Xcode, you can right-click on your project in the Xcode file explorer, revealing an **Install CLI** plugin command. Selecting this command presents a dialog allowing you to grant the plugin "write" access to your project directory.
```
The plugin command name was updated to have a space between the two words.

<img class="screenshot" src="../../source/screenshot/apollo-xcode-plugin.png" alt="Where to find the SPM plugin commands in Xcode" />

After the plugin installs, it creates a symbolic link to the Codegen CLI (named `apollo-ios-cli`) in your project root folder. You can now run the CLI from the command line with `./apollo-ios-cli`.

> > **Note:** Because the `apollo-ios-cli` in your project root is only a symbolic link, it only works if the compiled CLI executable exists. This is generally located in your Xcode Derived Data or the `.build` folder. If these are cleared, you can run the reinstall plugin to rebuild the CLI executable.

Reviewer: > I think it should be:
> 
> > If these are cleared, you can rerun the install plugin to rebuild the CLI executable.

Yes, I agree.

> > **Note:** Because the `apollo-ios-cli` in your project root is only a symbolic link, it only works if the compiled CLI executable exists. This is generally located in your Xcode Derived Data or the `.build` folder. If these are cleared, you can run the reinstall plugin to rebuild the CLI executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Because the `apollo-ios-cli` in your project root is only a symbolic link, it only works if the compiled CLI executable exists. This is generally located in your Xcode Derived Data or the `.build` folder. If these are cleared, you can rerun the Install CLI plugin to rebuild the CLI executable.
```
